### <p style="text-align: center;">PREVIEW ACCESS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT<br />FOR STABILITY FINE-TUNING SERVICE</p>

This Supplemental Agreement (“<u>Agreement</u>”), together with any previous or contemporaneous agreements between the Parties, including the [Stability API Terms of Service](https://stability.ai/terms-of-use) (the “<u>TOS</u>”) and the [Stability API Privacy Policy](https://stability.ai/privacy-policy#:~:text=Stability.AI%20will%20not%20sell,other%20consumers%20in%20the%20future.&text=You%20can%20ask%20for%20the%20deletion%20of%20your%20personal%20information.) (the “<u>Privacy Policy</u>”), governs the terms under which Stability AI Ltd (“<u>Stability,</u>” “<u>we,</u>” or “<u>us</u>”) will make available to you (“<u>Client</u>” or “<u>you</u>”) the Stability Fine-tuning Service (the “<u>Product</u>”) as part of a limited, preview product release. By consenting to this Agreement, you reiterate your consent to those agreements as well. The terms of this Agreement will supplement, not replace, other agreements with us unless this Agreement conflicts with any previous or contemporaneous agreement with respect to this subject matter, in which case this Agreement governs to the extent of the conflict. 


1.	**Access**. Stability AI may suspend your and/or your Third-Party Users’ (as defined below) access to or use of the Product if Stability AI determines to do so in its sole discretion.
2.	**Third-Party Users**. You shall ensure that any party other than you and your affiliates whom you provide access to the Product (“<u>Third-Party Users</u>”) comply with all applicable terms of this Agreement. You are liable for breaches of this Agreement by Third-Party Users in the same manner as if you had breached this Agreement. You acknowledge that a breach of this Agreement by any Third-Party User is a breach of this Agreement by you. You may be required to amend or supplement your existing contractual commitments with Third-Party Users to ensure their compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 	
3.	**Compliance with Law**.
    1. _Generally_. You will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, rulings, judgments, orders, and approvals of any governmental, legislative, regulatory, military, police, or administrative authority, agency, department, or commission, or court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body of competent jurisdiction (collectively, “<u>Laws</u>”) in connection with your and Third-Party Users’ use of the Product. 
    2. _Data Privacy Laws_. If you provide any information or image relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, or any information or image that under any applicable law constitutes personal data, personally identifiable information, or protected biometric identifiers or biometric information (“<u>Personal Information</u>”) to Stability AI, you shall ensure that you have obtained all consents necessary to enable you to disclose that Personal Information to Stability and for Stability to use and process that Personal Information. If there is a change in Law that affects in any way the manner in which Stability is permitted to use or process any Personal Information disclosed by you or your Third-Party Users, or Stability is not satisfied that you have obtained all necessary consents, we may suspend our performance under this Agreement until satisfied that you have obtained all required consents. Additionally, if there is a change in Law requiring Stability to change how we process, protect, or dispose of Personal Information, we may increase applicable fees and charges to account for any increase in costs due to such change in Law.
    3. _No Illinois Use Of Product_. Neither you nor your Third-Party Users may make use of the Product from the State of Illinois, or upload any fine-tuning image that includes a natural person residing in the State of Illinois. You will take appropriate measures to prevent any such use, including prohibiting such use by your Third-Party Users. 

6. 	**Representations and Warranties**. You represent and warrant that any data provided by you or your Third-Party Users to Stability does not: (i) infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual Property right of a third party; (ii) violate the TOS, the Privacy Policy, or the terms of this Agreement, including Section 5(b); or (iii) violate any other Laws. You are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Information provided by you or your Third-Party Users was received and provided in compliance with applicable Laws and you have solicited and received all necessary consents and authorization. 

7. 	**Indemnification**. 
    1. _Indemnification_. You shall indemnify and defend Stability, its Affiliates, and its and their directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all damages, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs), losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, demands, suits, actions, proceedings, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and causes of action (collectively, “<u>Losses</u>”), whether brought by an individual or other entity or imposed by a court of law or administrative action, arising out of or relating to any third-party claim under any Laws arising out of or relating to (i) your breach of this Agreement (including any breaches by your Third-Party User), and (ii) any actual or alleged violation of any Laws in connection with your or your Third-Party User’s access to or use of the Product.
    2. _Indemnification Procedure_. Stability (the “<u>Indemnified Party</u>”) shall give you (the “<u>Indemnitor</u>”) prompt notice of any demand by the Indemnified Party for indemnification under this Letter (a “<u>Claim</u>”), as well as copies of any papers served on the Indemnified Party relating to that Claim, but the Indemnified Party’s failure to provide or delay in providing that notice or those copies will not release the Indemnitor from its obligations under this Agreement except to the extent the failure or delay materially prejudices the Indemnitor. The Indemnitor has the exclusive right to conduct the defense of any Claim and any negotiations for its settlement, except that (a) the Indemnitor may not bind the Indemnified Party to any agreement, enter into any settlement, or otherwise prejudice or impair the Indemnified Party’s rights, without the Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which the Indemnified Party may not unreasonably withhold or delay, and (b) the Indemnified Party (i) shall assist the Indemnitor in its defense of any Claim, at the Indemnitor’s request and sole expense, (ii) may participate at its expense in the Indemnitor’s defense of or settlement negotiations for any Claim with counsel of the Indemnified Party’s own selection, and (iii) may, at its option and the Indemnitor’s expense, and on notice to the Indemnitor, conduct the defense of and any settlement negotiations for any Claim in place of the Indemnitor if the Indemnitor fails to promptly defend the Claim as required in this Article. At the Indemnified Party’s request and the Indemnitor’s expense, and in addition to the Indemnitor’s other obligations under this Agreement, the Indemnitor shall assist the Indemnified Party with the defense of any Claim for which the Indemnified Party conducts the defense under this Agreement. 

8. 	**Miscellaneous**
    1. _Assignment_. You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights, remedies, or obligations under this Agreement (including by forward or reverse merger, consolidation, dissolution, or operation of Law, and whether voluntarily or by a governmental authority’s action or order) without Stability’s prior written consent.
    2. _Amendments and Waivers_. This Agreement, and any terms, rights, and obligations of this Agreement, may be amended or waived in writing (including by electronic means) so long as both the Parties consent to such amendment or waivers.
    3. _Severability_. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute or rule, or shall be otherwise rendered invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall continue in force.